Welcome, everybody.
Come to our spicy today
The opening of the crayfish shop
What about starting today?
Our crayfish Kowloon
It will be built into the first restaurant in Yizhou
Ok ok ok ok
Yizhou No.1
What a big breath
Never be afraid of the wind
Don't be angry
The officials will be here soon.
Yes, from now on?
Anyone who comes to our house to spend more than one or two taels of silver
Meals are free
What about all the drinks? 20% off
What's next?
I'm going to show you our house
unique
All standing up
Who brought you here?
Do you have official approval?
Approval What approval are you talking about?
Can you do it without hearing it?
I'm going to seal your Kowloon today.
Listen to the wind, why do you seal my Kowloon?
Just because your crayfish doesn't keep up
Someone ate a bad stomach and reported it to the government
I want to seal my Kowloon
You don't have this right yet.
I don't have it.
Could it be that you are brave enough to stop and take it away together?
Hey boss
I advise you
Let Li Yu help your restaurant
Do you know each other?
Does it matter whether you recognize it or not?
The important thing is that you can't open this restaurant
I see what else are you fighting with me?
I see which of you dares to close my restaurant